:tada: move personal website sections into one branch (#3937)
the-turing-way/the-turing-way: book/website/communication/personal-websites/personal-websites-frameworks.md

(cm-personal-websites-frameworks)=
# Frameworks

## What is a framework

In website development, a framework is a set of pre-written code, tools, and
libraries that help developers build and maintain websites more efficiently.

> Frameworks provide a structured foundation, offering reusable code modules,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Frameworks provide a structured foundation, and offer reusable code modules,
```

> common design patterns, and guidelines, which help streamline the development

Reviewer: ```suggestion
common design patterns, and guidelines. They may help streamline the development
```

process and promote best practices. They essentially "frame" the development by
managing basic functionalities and allowing developers to focus on the unique
aspects of their projects rather than repetitive tasks.

(cm-personal-websites-frameworks-benefits)=
## Benefits of using a framework

> Frameworks provide several benefits in website development:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Frameworks provide several benefits for website development:
```

* **Code Reusability**: Common functions are built-in, which
reduces redundancy.
* **Efficiency**: They allow faster development by eliminating the need
to code every component from scratch.
* **Scalability**: Frameworks provide a solid structure that can grow with the
website.
* **Security**: Many frameworks come with built-in security features and
updates, which help mitigate vulnerabilities.

## Popular frameworks

> Below mentioned are some of the commonly used frameworks. These have been

Reviewer 2: You might want to include a definition of no-code / low-code / high-code and pro-code for people who are unfamiliar with these terms and what they mean in the context of personal websites

divided into two categories depending upon whether person wants to create a
website using low-code or high-code options.

(cm-personal-websites-frameworks-nocode)=
### No-Code/Low-Code frameworks

> * [GitHub (GH) profile](https://docs.github.com/en/account-and-profile/setting-up-and-managing-your-github-profile/customizing-your-profile/about-your-profile)

Author: Included the suggestion in a new commit.

  * Use GH repository [beautify my GH](<https://github.com/rzashakeri/beautify-github-profile>), to customize your GH profile.
* [Wordpress](https://wordpress.com/support/five-step-website-setup/)
* [Wix](https://www.wix.com/)

> * [Postcards](https://github.com/seankross/postcards)

Author: Included the sugestion in commit.

(cm-personal-websites-frameworks-procode)=
### Pro-code/High-Code frameworks

* [Jekyll](https://jekyllrb.com/)

>   * [Academic pages](https://github.com/academicpages/academicpages.github.io)

Reviewer: Maybe this could be added to the list: https://github.com/guilyx/awesome-github-pages-portfolios

Author: Included the suggestion in the form of a new commit.

* [Hugo](https://gohugo.io/)
  * [Blogdown](https://bookdown.org/yihui/blogdown/) (R)
* [Distill](https://rstudio.github.io/distill/) (R)
* [Streamlit](https://streamlit.io/) (Python)
* [Fast Html](https://fastht.ml/) (Python)
* [Quarto](https://quarto.org/docs/gallery/#websites) (R/Python/Julia)

> * Pure HTML/CSS/Javascript 

Reviewer 2: Are there any guides we can point to here to help people get started?
